# Warchest 

Warchest is a simple ERC20 token on the ethereum blockchain intended to act as a "donation coin".

Here the term "donation coin" implies a "meme coin" with a purpose. The idea being that the hype generated by the purpose 
drives people towards the coin. This in turns provides funding for the underlying purpose.

As a general caveat, for a "donation coin" to work, the purpose has to be something that would attract media attention over the long term. A short term pice increase that then returtns to zero would likely deter people from both the coin and the underlying project.

You could probably do something crazy like fund a moonshot. Curing some kids cancer probably would not work, finding a cure for cancer just might.

In this case the purpose is consiututional challenges of the actions of Government across the common law world. The sort of thing that is fairly sure to create hype, in turn increasing the value of the token that pays for lawyers, in turn further increasing the "hype" around the issue. A cause not lessened by our current crop of governments.

## Technical
It is as simple as I can make it, a bog standard OpenZepplin ERC20 token built in a Hardhat environment.

## Economics
Fixed supply of a billion tokens, half held as a fund, half on the market.

The economics is a circulation model.

To put value into the token requires actions that gain attention, do nothing and the whole thing evaporates.
Spending creates hype increasing value and the ability to do work, but perversely acting to dilute supply.
To counter dilution a business rule exists demanding tokens be bought back as convenient to restore the 50/50 balance.

Rinse and repeat.

At the least trading the peaks and troughs around the mean provides a mechanism to soak tokens back up. 
In this partiuclar situation there is also potential for legal payouts, cost orders etc, as well as more traditional donations.

## Background

Somewaht ironically, the idea came from watching the $TRUMP coin surge on the back of the US Election.



Brenton Thomas
